Fix(GW): BReaking changes (#4812)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/gateway/breaking-changes.md

The `config.access_logs_endpoint` parameter in the OpenTelemetry plugin has changed to [`config.access_logs.endpoint`](/plugins/opentelemetry/reference/#schema--config-access-logs-endpoint).
We recommend updating your configurations, as the old field is deprecated and will be removed in a future version.

#### Lua sandboxing security fixes

> Starting in 3.14, the [`untrusted_lua`](/gateway/configuration/#untrusted-lua) configuration option introduces two new modes: `strict` and `lax`, in addition to the existing `sandbox` mode. The default value changes from `sandbox` to `strict`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting in 3.14, the [`untrusted_lua`](/gateway/configuration/#untrusted-lua) configuration option introduces two new modes: `strict` and `lax`, in addition to the existing `sandbox` mode. The default value has changed from `sandbox` to `strict`.
```
